---
title: Holiday Open House
description: >-
  Shop during the Holiday Open House, enjoy the Holiday Spirit with activities
  and specials, dine Downtown and stay for the Greeley Lights the Night Parade
  at 5:30pm, and the Lincoln Park Lighting Ceremony!
image_path: /assets/web-slide-2017.jpg
header_image_path: 'https://unsplash.it/1400/200/?random'
weight: 6
---


### 2017 Holiday Open House will be Held Saturday, November 25th

### Small Business Saturday, Holiday Open House, Parade and Park Lighting Ceremony

Celebrate Small Business Saturday and make it a downtown Greeley day November 25th. Thirty downtown Greeley businesses are hosting a bingo Holiday Open House. Pick up your bingo card at a participating business, get it stamped by at least 12 of the participants as instructed and you can enter to win $1,000, $300 or $200 in prizes and gift cards. No purchase necessary.

Most of the businesses are also hosting fun activities and the whole day promises to deliver wondrous holiday magic. Strolling carolers from the Greeley Chorale will delight the shoppers in the late afternoon. Here is a list of the participating businesses and their activities:

**<u>Academy of Natural Therapy Clinic -&nbsp;</u>**<br>Christmas music, enter to win giveaway for adults, candy &&nbsp;<br>coloring sheets for the kids and lotion samples for people&nbsp;<br>to try.&nbsp;<br>**<u>Accessories with a Flair!&hellip;and Hair -</u>**&nbsp;<br>Live music from their Grand Piano, play "spin to win" and&nbsp;<br>get your free gift (values up to $50) and massive sales<br>**<u>Aunt Helen's Coffee House -&nbsp;</u>**<br>Build a latte for Habitat<br>**<u>Award Alliance, LLC -&nbsp;</u>**<br>Beautiful "Greeley" lapel pin with $20 minimum order<br>**<u>Batter Up Cakes</u>** -&nbsp;<br>TBD&nbsp;<br>**<u>Colorado Dance Theatre (at Mariposa)&nbsp;</u>**<br>Enter to win Nutcracker tickets<br>**<u>Colorado Model Railroad Museum-&nbsp;</u>**<br>Santa 10am-1pm, crafts<br>**<u>Cranford Cove Tea Tavern -</u>**&nbsp;<br>Free tea samples<br>**<u>Florio's Shoes -&nbsp;</u>**<br>Serving up some goodies<br>**<u>Free Leaf -&nbsp;</u>**<br>Hot tea samples & 20% off Christmas items<br>**<u>Grand Lake's 16th Street Tavern -&nbsp;</u>**<br>Beer flight painting. Take a blank paddle used for their&nbsp;<br>beer flights and customize it as you wish. Take it home or&nbsp;<br>leave it there to get $2 off flights every time you go in.&nbsp;<br>They provide paint, brushes and a few other materials but&nbsp;<br>feel free to bring whatever you'd like.<br>**<u>Greeley History Museum -</u>**&nbsp;<br>Cotton swab snowflakes, Poinsettia bookmarks, Dreidel&nbsp;<br>activity<br>**<u>La Petite French Bakery -</u>**&nbsp;<br>Create a Macaron box ornament (includes free Macarons)<br>**<u>Lincoln Park Emporium -</u>**&nbsp;<br>Coffee, tea, hot cocoa and cookies from 10am-4pm. Live&nbsp;<br>window mannequins from 2-4pm.&nbsp;<br>**<u>Lincoln Park Library</u>**<br>TBD&nbsp;<br>**<u>Mariposa Plants, Flowers &amp; Gifts -&nbsp;</u>**<br>TBD<br>**<u>Mystical Thread -&nbsp;</u>**<br>Photo Op with Olaf<br>**<u>Right Coast Pizza -&nbsp;</u>**<br>S'more Bar<br>**<u>Rio Grande Mexican Restaurant -</u>**&nbsp;<br>Free Hot Cocoa!<br>**<u>Sassy Bagz -</u>**&nbsp;<br>Photo Op, specials, make your wish list<br>**<u>Sew Downtown -&nbsp;</u>**<br>Sewing machine demonstrations all day. Special gift for&nbsp;<br>those who watch demonstrations<br>**<u>Stuft Burger Bar -&nbsp;</u>**<br>Coloring books and crayons for the kids<br>**<u>Syntax Spirits -&nbsp;</u>**<br>Special warm drinks (non-alcoholic available) and&nbsp;<br>"molecular mixology" cocktails. Free gift basket with&nbsp;<br>purchase of gift-size bottles. Special pricing on all of their&nbsp;<br>vintage branded (old label) merchandise (bottles, apparel,&nbsp;<br>etc.)<br>**<u>The Dragon's Cache -&nbsp;</u>**<br>Guess the number of globs in the jar. Cider and cookies&nbsp;<br>available<br>**<u>The Kress Cinema &amp; Lounge -&nbsp;</u>**<br>Holiday Movie Trivia<br>**<u>The Original Roma Pizza -&nbsp;</u>**<br>Coloring Contest (with additional gift cards as prizes)<br>**<u>The Tribune -&nbsp;</u>**<br>Cocoa with Santa, pictures, and kids can write their letters&nbsp;<br>to Santa for immediate delivery<br>**<u>Warm Hugs Mixes &amp; Gifts Boutique -&nbsp;</u>**<br>Gift with purchase<br>**<u>Woody's Bookstore &amp; Newsstand</u>** -&nbsp;<br>5 Authors signing their books from 11am-1pm (Alice&nbsp;<br>Lonaker, Jaydine Rendall, Sonia Billings, Paul Richard&nbsp;<br>and John Daly)<br>**<u>Wm Moore Jewelers -&nbsp;</u>**<br>Wish list box, free gift wrapping, snacks and hot cider

Do some small business shopping at the Holiday Open House, take in the brilliance of the Festival of Trees, stop for a scrumptious lunch or dinner, stay for the Greeley Lights the Night parade at 5:30pm with 70+ brightly lit entries, then walk over to Lincoln Park immediately after the parade for the annual Lincoln Park lighting ceremony and a visit with Santa.

For more information please contact the Downtown Development Authority at 970-356-6775 or email alison@greeleydowntown.com